Change docs to introduce the new --incremental option (#992)
EnterpriseDB/barman: doc/barman.1.d/50-backup.md

        Overrides value of the parameter `immediate_checkpoint`, if present
        in the configuration file.

    --incremental [BACKUP_ID]
    :   performs a block-level incremental backup. A `BACKUP_ID` or [backup ID shortcut](#shortcuts)
        of a previous backup must be provided, which references a previous backup

>         in the catalog to be used as the parent backup for deduplication.

Reviewer: Do we want to use the word deduplication? I would go with something like this:
```suggestion
        in the catalog to be used as the parent backup from which the incremental is taken.
```
